1. CRUCIALLY IMPORTANT: add shipping method to the review order page! Check if employee can see the pending order.
   (I expect you to have this done tonight. can’t wait! If you don’t have this, whatever how fancy the others are, it’s a failure. This is part of the purchase pipeline!)

2. VERY IMPORTANT: proper links on each page you created. align all text boxes.
   (Although this is cosmetic stuff, you need to do it as soon as you can! This is related to the customer experience. very important.)

3. LESS IMPORTANT: The reason why address book is here is that when you need to add an address to the payment method or to the shipping address, you can select it from address book.
So when you ask customer to add address to the payment method, pull out all address in his address book, and let him choose, just like you did in the review order page. if there is not one for this card, then they are asked to create a new one in the “add new address” page. if the customer give a billing address and it’s the same as one in address book, that may cause duplicate primary key bug and return errors(I experience once).summary: only edit address in the address book page. only select existed address for payment method.

4. NOT IMPORTANT: When add a new address, enforce the following requirements: line 1(number + street), city, state, zip(5 digits) can’t be empty strings (refer to password validation), and force customer to provide all valid info in order to add an address

5. NOT IMPORTANT: A rating and a review is now internally submitted by sql. should let customer choose if they want to give a rating or review. a possible way to do this is add editable text box in order history page. (refer to editable text on the customer basket page) A more ambitious way is to rate each item, not each purchase.

NOTE: Because you don’t check in codes frequently, and I’m busy with my stuff, I can’t help you too much. So now the situation is that the whole project relies on your work, how fast you can finish and how well you can get it done. Keep me posted.
